well we will go in search of those of the birds
phoenix
Phoenix
super fan ex come has not come out
it's worth mega connection negation our
good two dashes yes I also took it
ok the host is going to be a bastard
oli killed to take for ass
for the first time my life killed someone
with the knife in call of duty
that's a good sign that means that already
they are not plastic because it is a
kid, the judge is not me, but
it's not good no
today paper loves knife uncle what a scare
only the knife works for you
I come here is everyone
the fury and the ford and a the bedroom
I do not have it
I'm dead, there's only one left
one remains yes
I go for him
hand on top is here waiting
play the combo hermetically
Hello friend, we do not want to tell you
we make milk the gown now would be very
conscious and now has another life but
there is one opportunity left and that is the
game over is the one that does not appear in
the map now
to the left
it gives you a chance
another opportunity another chance to
animal opportunity is over
the some powers
this low has been difficult I have been told
and it is very difficult
it gives them a chance and man does not
has taken advantage can be very good can
be very very epic win
fail
he died the first the first one
Super fight knife son of a bitch
I thought you wanted to kill me to soccer
epic wing pedrín never arrived
of what they are shooting me from behind
here is another
I do not trust at all of Silly
now they complain but the blond this one of the
blond and blonde balls
and kill me in the back you coward
Coward
where are you fury
for such another friend
kill me your bad person
last life but with a knife
win has it
Look, I was going to bat and I say look blond
to kill cargo he killed him
win victorin
ah
no no